at the paralympics 2012 in london
elena fuel a silver medal
gained over 100 meters breast
in london, the mood was fantastic
where the people were all in there
fans and everything there where the award ceremonies
Have been carried out
I came up with this or that
like to go medal so go after
Home asks as a twelve-year-old, she aims
with her parents from Kazakhstan
Germany
the 18 year old loves to live and train
in nuremberg at tsv old ford me
the atmosphere like it here, too, so
the trainer i get my coach clear
with the people I swim with
I get along well with those and well
we help where to help and he helps
just that you look a success
that I'm in here
at the nürnberger education center for the blind
and visually impaired she has her middle one
mature filed at the moment makes you one
Training as a physiotherapist
when she was seven years old reduced
an eyelid has its eyesight on 6
percent of the black lines on the ground
she does not just follow suit
the school has always been expanded
still my training to go though
sometimes the head is so full of the
whole school and a whole learning
he just thinks yes there it has to
just something happen and then
I go into training and I know me
do this for me i do not do that
someone else has only 13 years old
they learned to swim
five years later she wins one
olympic silver medal for olympia in
she has a lot of plans for herself and
i would definitely go for one
gold medal prepare what further to
would go and i guess im
sink has a silver medal she has
she wants a golden one even earlier
she did not like swimming
because she's pretty scared of the water
today she is one
top sportswoman